I am a full stack and blockchain engineer.
I specialize in crafting innovative solutions for Blockchain, web3, NFTs, DeFi, Solana, Ethereum, Wagmi, Smart Contracts, Solidity, Rust, and more. 
My track record includes architecting and implementing DeFi projects such as DEX, trading platforms, bonding mechanisms, as well as creating dynamic NFT marketplaces and engaging NFT games.
My strength is a smart contract development, leveraging Solidity and Rust for EVM-compatible chains like Ethereum and BSC, as well as for emerging ecosystems like Solana, Terra, Near, EOS, among others. 
Additionally, I've built NFT Marketplaces using React and Express.js, ensuring seamless user experiences.
I have very good experience in developing frontend using JavaScript and its frameworks like React and Next.js including several projects like e-commerce, financial, education, customer management, real estate, Blockchain area.
is there any chance to work with you?





👋 Dear Customers

I'm a senior software engineer with professional experience in front-end, back-end, and blockchain.

🤟 My motivation comes from the success of business ideas, intellectual curiosity, and the desire to contribute to technological advancement.

I'm looking for a new job opportunity that stimulates my motivation.

Please DM me if you're open to hire and I'll share my resume.

Here're some techniques I'm very familiar with:

💎 Front-end : React, Next.js, Angular, Wordpress
                              Styled-Components, MaterialUI, TailwindCSS, Sass
💎 Back-end  : Node.js, Express.js, PHP, Laravel, Golang, Rust, Python
💎 Blockchain: Building a blockchain network (CosmosSDK, PolkaDot, Go-Ethereum, Hyperledger Fabric, Hyperledger Firefly)
                               Smart Contracts (Solidity, Rust, Move, Vyper)
                               Web3 Integration (Web3.js, ethers, wagmi, Rainbowkit, walletconnect)
                               DEFI, NFT, DEX, CEX, DAO, MEV bots, Lending and Borrowing


https://etherscan.io/address/0xF90c7f66eAc7E2130bF677D69a250b2136Cf6697#readContract
https://bonenza.com/casino/